# nvim Configuration

This repository contains my Neovim configuration, designed to enhance productivity and provide a smooth coding experience using Lua and the Lazy plugin manager.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration Files](#configuration-files)
- [Plugins](#plugins)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Overview

This configuration leverages Lua and the Lazy plugin manager to customize Neovim to suit my workflow. It includes settings for completion, themes, navigation, and more.

## Installation

To get started with this configuration, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   git clone https://github.com/Mrgoblings/nvim.git ~/.config/nvim

2. **Install [Neovim](https://neovim.io/)** if you haven't already. Ensure you have version 0.5 or later.

3. **Open Neovim and install plugins:**

```bash
   nvim
```

   Inside Neovim, run:
```bash
    :Lazy sync
```

## Configuration Files

- **`init.lua`**: The main configuration file for Neovim. It loads the necessary settings and plugins.
- **`lazy-lock.json`**: A lock file generated by the Lazy plugin manager to track plugin versions.

### Lua Configuration

The Lua configuration is organized into the following directories:

- **`lua/config/`**: Contains configuration files.
  - **`lazy.lua`**: Configuration for lazy loading plugins.
  - **`options.lua`**: General Neovim options and settings.

- **`lua/plugins/`**: Contains individual plugin configurations.
  - **`alpha.lua`**: Configuration for the Alpha dashboard.
  - **`completions.lua`**: Settings for code completion.
  - **`gruvbox.lua`**: Theme configuration for Gruvbox.
  - **`lsp-config.lua`**: Language Server Protocol (LSP) settings.
  - **`lualine.lua`**: Status line configuration using Lualine.
  - **`neo-tree.lua`**: File explorer configuration.
  - **`none-ls.lua`**: Configuration for null-ls, a LSP wrapper.
  - **`nvim-tmux-navigation.lua`**: Keybindings for navigating between Neovim and Tmux.
  - **`swagger-preview.lua`**: Configuration for previewing Swagger documentation.
  - **`telescope.lua`**: Configuration for the Telescope fuzzy finder.
  - **`treesitter.lua`**: Configuration for Treesitter syntax highlighting.

## Usage

Once the setup is complete, you can start Neovim, and your customized environment will be ready for use. Explore the various plugins and settings to enhance your coding experience!